oh my god the aliens have brought
this object on our planet
all the brothers of will also die
minecraft italy i am piece and today
I'm here to present you a new model
amodium to frost portable mining laser mod
let's start immediately let's see what's there
introduces this is a fashion this year
very simple way is based on
let's say more technical setting than
minecraft can be associated as a way
kraft industry and others recommend it
especially for the people who
love digging in a fast way to
maybe concentrate more on
for example not just adventure let's say
so then let's see what is there
introduces this new fashion introduces us
a two block pml is vast what is needed
this object meanwhile we are going to see
crafting 6 iron ingot a goal a
diamond and a rexton how it works
then practically let's say
under the ground because it is advisable
use it at a sufficient distance
low how this block works there
we think of a party or any other
what to support it and then on
block this will be like radius of action
meanwhile it works by clicking the button
right we can change the direction in
for which he shoots for example we begin to do it
go from here ok as we can
use his we use the red
dawn there will be a line of about 2x1
I think 16 knots more have increased the
range has been increased a lot
they are about exactly
let's see why there was no more written at
are from 62 to 62 to 32
are about thirty blocks then with the
red stone splits about thirty blocks
turn the position is here
we use the iron ops I was wrong
all wrong material
wow or that I had the wrong material
it was here we were wrong to
take it 7 gold
ok using the goal instead of the width
varies greatly
that is, the extent of destruction is 3
for exactly
I think three yes 3x3 of us are also 28
this should be about thirty
blocks from 28 to yes from 28 to minus 1 are
yes 30 blocks so it makes a 3x3 wave of
thirty blogs and therefore increases the range of
destruction
you see that we drop at the materials for
example the airon that well found
the agreement and therefore I recommend
use it at very low heights for
to be able to get a large number of
minerals then try again with the aero
because it seems strange to me that I saw
than in the old functions in the old ones
versions worked we try the heron
sla peace however I know that the piece does not
works at least in older versions
it didn't work we stem from here
we bring where it is under I believe it was
brought below instead we bring it from here
let's try to lapis you see the piece not
therefore the lapis works as I had
showed up now does not work the
iron should work does not work
will have a day and finally there is the
so we said the ariston diamond
makes 2x1 of thirty blocks the gold does 3x3
of thirty blocks while the diamond
now let's see how much the diamond does
well 1 2 3 4 5 x 5 c of well part from 28 e
arrives
sorry I have the wrong game that fail
starts at exactly 28 starts at 28
and arrives at 97 here too about thirty
blocks therefore only the height e varies
the extent of the destruction however
see the materials that I dopa
so many look at that is got
very much without doing anything practically
we put it at the level of diamonds
if we want diamonds we start a
the tunnels can also be found there
I do not know if it is highly recommended
iron also because there is a need to have
luck to find it anyway a
there is also use in the redzone
let's waste a lot of redstone
the one we don't need to use
this object in my opinion is one thing
really but really useful then guys
I remind you to put it like and
subscribe to the channel and pass too
on my channel if you are interested
and here the tournament and we don't see each other in
an upcoming video on minecraft italia
hello everyone guys